# CBTCIP
It's My new Journey which Internship together CipherByte Technologies

1 . #deccription
ONLINE EXAMINATION

The project should be capable of the following functionalities.



Login
Update Profile and Password
Selecting answers for MCQs
Timer and auto submit
Closing session and Logout

output should be!!

Welcome to the Online Examination System!
1. Register
2. Login
3. Exit
1
Enter username:
muthu
Enter password:
123
Enter full name:
Muthumani K
Registration successful!
Welcome to the Online Examination System!
1. Register
2. Login
3. Exit
2
Enter username:
muthu
Enter password:
123
Login successful!
1. Update Profile
2. Update Password
3. Start Exam
4. Logout
3
What is 2 + 2?
1. 1
2. 2
3. 3
4. 4
4
What is the capital of France?
1. Berlin
2. London
3. Paris
4. Rome
2
Your score: 1/2
1. Update Profile
2. Update Password
3. Start Exam
4. Logout

2. #deccription
GUESS THE NUMBER

aesthetic blob
The fun and easy project "Guess the Number" is a short Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:



1. The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100. 

2. The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.

3. The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is      higher/lower than the generated number.

4. The game continues under the user guessing the number. You can also incorporate further details as:

Limiting the number of attempts.
Adding more rounds.
Displaying score.
Giving points based on the number of attempts.
aesthetic blob



